Dabao, let's go, hahaha.
Brother, as long as you put on the incense burner
I can send him to you
If you're having fun, you can hurry up for a few more days.
Then let's make a deal.
Ok hahahahaha
Are you
Zhao Zhigang gave you to me
Now you are mine
Take advantage of my past now
Let's do it now, haha.
Ha ha.
Fucking dumb
It's not fun to play without a sound.
Mute is fine too, hahaha.
Yes, yes.
Hahahaha
Ah!
Why so much sand?
How to mix
Take a shot and replace your sister
They fooled me
Brother Tao, although he is dumb
But shut up brothers who are very good at serving people
Fight to the death
Son hurry up son
Oh, son, son!
What's wrong? What's wrong?
Life is like life, you hold me down
shut up
I'm not honest
I'm not even your mother
Take it away hey wait wait
Brother Tao, you sent a message.
Give you money back, money
Are you fucking rich?
Tell me where the money is always hidden